[capi-media-vision][ACR-1700] Add face recognition API guide (#1709)
Samsung/tizen-docs: docs/application/native/guides/multimedia/face-recognition.md

        ```
        // Recognize the given face image.
        ret = mv_face_recognition_inference(handle, mv_source);
        if (ret != MEDIA_VISION_ERROR_NONE) {
            // handle an error.
        }
        ```

4. Get the label string as a result. This is a process in which the face recognition framework returns an inference result as a label string which was used when training. Please keep in mind that the function is valid only after mv_face_recognition_inference function call is completed. This is shown in the code snippet below:

   ```
   // Get a label string as a face recognition result.
   const char *out_label = NULL;
   ret = mv_face_recognition_get_label(handle, &out_label);
   if (ret != MEDIA_VISION_ERROR_NONE) {
       // handle an error.
   }
   ```

5. Destroy the face recognition handle. This is a process to release all resources used. Please keep in mind, the out_label variable at step 4 is valid only while the face recognition handle is alive.

    ```
    ret = mv_face_recognition_destroy(handle);
    if (ret != MEDIA_VISION_ERROR_NONE) {
        // handle an error.
    }
    ```

> ## Related Information

Reviewer: Second headings must follow sentence case.
Ref: https://github.com/Samsung/tizen-docs/blob/master/styleguide/style.md#capitalization
```suggestion
## Related information
```

Author: Thanks.

# Deep Learning Based Face Recognition

Using deep learning based face recognition, you can perceive and understand faces within your application.

> This document is a guide on how to register a new face, how to unregister a face that is registered with a given label, and how to recognize a given face.

Author: Thanks.

## Prerequisites

To enable your application for using the deep learning based face recognition functionality, follow these steps:
1.  To use the functions and data types of the deep learning based face recognition API, include the `<mv_face_recognition.h>` header file in your application.
2.  In addition, you may need to include the `<image_util.h>` header file to handle the image decoding task, or the `<camera.h>` header file to provide preview images. 
    Keep in mind that you could use other libraries if required.

   ```
   #include <mv_face_recognition.h>

   /* To decode the image file. */
   #include <image_util.h>
   /* To get preview image from Camera device. */
   #include <camera.h>

>    ```

Author: Thanks.

        }
        ```

   3.  Recognize the given face image, which is a process in which the face recognition framework performs a forward propagation to find the most suitable label.
        ```
        // Recognize the given face image.
        ret = mv_face_recognition_inference(handle, mv_source);
        if (ret != MEDIA_VISION_ERROR_NONE) {
            // handle an error.
        }
        ```

4. Get the label string as a result. This is a process in which the face recognition framework returns an inference result as a label string which was used when training. Please keep in mind that the function is valid only after mv_face_recognition_inference function call is completed. This is shown in the code snippet below:

   ```
   // Get a label string as a face recognition result.
   const char *out_label = NULL;
   ret = mv_face_recognition_get_label(handle, &out_label);
   if (ret != MEDIA_VISION_ERROR_NONE) {
       // handle an error.
   }
   ```

5. Destroy the face recognition handle. This is a process to release all resources used. Please keep in mind, the out_label variable at step 4 is valid only while the face recognition handle is alive.

> ```

Author: Thanks.

   ret = mv_face_recognition_destroy(handle);
   if (ret != MEDIA_VISION_ERROR_NONE) {

>        // handle an error.

Author: Thanks.

   }

> ```

Author: Thanks.

> # Deep learning based Face Recognition

Author: > Title Case is recommended for First Headings

Thanks.

You can perceive and understand a face in your application.
This document guides how to register a new face, to unregister someone who is registered

> with a given label and to recognize a given face.

Author: > Using deep learning based face recognition, you can perceive and understand faces within your application.

Thanks.

## Prerequisites

To enable your application for using the deep learning based face recognition functionality:

1. To use the functions and data types of the deep learning based face recognition API, include the `<mv_face_recognition.h>` header file in your application.

   In addition, you may need to include the `<image_util.h>` header file to handle the image decoding task, or the `<camera.h>` header file to provide preview images.

>    Of course, you could use other libraries you want.

Author: Thanks.

   ```
   #include <mv_face_recognition.h>

   /* To decode the image file. */
   #include <image_util.h>
   /* To get preview image from Camera device. */
   #include <camera.h>
   ```

> 

Author: Thanks.

> To register a new face image with a given label:

Author: Thanks.

> 1. Create a face recognition handle and prepare for the face recognition framework.

Author: Thanks.

   ```
   mv_face_recognition_h handle;
   int ret = 0;

   ret = mv_face_recognition_create(&handle);
   if (ret != MEDIA_VISION_ERROR_NONE) {
       // handle an error.
   }

   ret = mv_face_recognition_prepare(handle);
   if (ret != MEDIA_VISION_ERROR_NONE) {
       // handle an error.
   }
   ```

2. Prepare an input source to register. The input source should be RGB data. In this guide,
   we will use a image file as a input source, and we will show you how to decode the given image file
   and then prepare for a mv_source(Mediavison source) which contains the decoded image buffer.

>    All Mediavision API needs the Mediavision source handle as a input, and that is mandatorily required.

Author: Thanks.

       // handle an error.
   }

   /* Decode image and fill the image data to mv_source handle */
   snprintf(filePath, 1024, "/path/to/face_image.jpg");
   ret = image_util_decode_set_input_path(imageDecoder, filePath);
   if (ret != IMAGE_UTIL_ERROR_NONE) {
       // handle an error.
   }

   ret = image_util_decode_set_output_buffer(imageDecoder, &dataBuffer);
   if (ret != IMAGE_UTIL_ERROR_NONE) {
       // handle an error.
   }

   ret = image_util_decode_run(imageDecoder, &width, &height, &bufferSize);
   if (ret != IMAGE_UTIL_ERROR_NONE) {
       // handle an error.
   }

   ret = mv_source_fill_by_buffer(mv_source, dataBuffer, (unsigned int)bufferSize,
                                 (unsigned int)width, (unsigned int)height, MEDIA_VISION_COLORSPACE_RGB888);
   if (ret != MEDIA_VISION_ERROR_NONE) {
      free(dataBuffer);
	  // handle an error.
   }

   ret = image_util_decode_destroy(imageDecoder);
   if (ret != IMAGE_UTIL_ERROR_NONE) {
       // handle an error.
   }

   free(dataBuffer);
   ```

3. Now, we are ready for using the face recognition main features. There are three face recognition features - register, unregister and recognize.

>    You can use one of them.

Author: Thanks.

 
   3.1 Register a new face, which is a process that the face recognition framework tains and generates
       a internal model file with the given face data and its label. You could repeat this step to train

> 	   the internal model file with more faces. For the accuracy, we recommend to train at least three images per a face.

Author: Thanks.

   ```
   // Train the internal model with a given image - mv_source - and a label string - "name_a".
   ret = mv_face_recognition_register(handle, mv_source, "name_a");
   if (ret != MEDIA_VISION_ERROR_NONE) {
      // handle an error.
   }

   ret = mv_destroy_source(mv_source);
   if (ret != MEDIA_VISION_ERROR_NONE) {
       // handle an error.
   }

>    ```

Author: Thanks.

   3.2 Unregister the face corresponding to a given label string, which is a process that face
       recognition framework drops all data related to the given label string. In fact, this process is to retrain the internal model
       without the dropped data.

   ```
   // Drop all data related to a given label string - "name_a".
   ret = mv_face_recognition_unregister(handle, "name_a");
   if (ret != MEDIA_VISION_ERROR_NONE) {
       // handle an error.
   }

>    ```

Author: Thanks.

>    3.3 Recognize the given face image, which is a process that face recognition framework performs a forward propergation to find the most suitable label.
> 
>    ```
>    // Recognize the given face image.
>    ret = mv_face_recognition_inference(handle, mv_source);
>    if (ret != MEDIA_VISION_ERROR_NONE) {
>        // handle an error.
>    }
>    ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    3.  Recognize the given face image, which is a process in which the face recognition framework performs a forward propagation to find the most suitable label.

        ```
        // Recognize the given face image.
        ret = mv_face_recognition_inference(handle, mv_source);
        if (ret != MEDIA_VISION_ERROR_NONE) {
            // handle an error.
        }
        ```
```

Author: Thanks.

> 4. Get the label string as a result. This is a process that face recognition framework returns a inference result as a label string
>    which was used when training. Please keep in mind. This function is valid only after mv_face_recognition_inference function call is completed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Get the label string as a result. This is a process in which the face recognition framework returns an inference result as a label string which was used when training. Please keep in mind that the function is valid only after mv_face_recognition_inference function call is completed. This is shown in the code snippet below:
```

Author: Thanks.

   ```
   // Get a label string as a face recognition result.
   const char *out_label = NULL;
   ret = mv_face_recognition_get_label(handle, &out_label);
   if (ret != MEDIA_VISION_ERROR_NONE) {
       // handle an error.
   }
   ```

5. Destroy the face recognition handle. This is a process to release all resources used. Please keep in mind, the out_label variable at step 4 is valid

>    only while the face recognition handle is alive.

Author: Thanks.
